# RISC-V Summit China 2022 开始演讲征集，欢迎参与旁听6月6日的峰会筹备会议

等待了两个月，终于一切都变得好起来了！第二届RISC-V中国峰会即将开始征稿，欢迎中国及全球的RISC-V伙伴关注和投稿。今年举办时间暂定为8月24日至26日，主会定为线上举办（同期举办的活动可以选择线下组织，在上海、北京等城市可能会有小规模的meetup）。峰会的官网预计于下周上线，更多情报即将公开，敬请关注。

按照惯例，今年RISC-V中国峰会的筹备工作也会公开进行，欢迎参与或旁听每周一下午举行的筹备会议。第一次筹备会议将于6月6日举办，具体会议信息见文末。

## RISC-V Summit China 2022 Call for Talks

The Summit will showcase the continued rapid expansion of the RISC-V ecosystem, with both commercial offerings and exciting open-source developments

### Time and Venue

WHAT: RISC-V Summit China 2022.

WHERE: Online (May have local meetup rooms)

WHEN: Aug 24 - Aug 26, 2022 (Shanghai Timezone)

### Intro

The RISC-V International, ShanghaiTech University and Institute of Software, Chinese Academy of Sciences will hold the second annual RISC-V Summit China online from Aug 24 to 26, 2022. The Summit is a major international event promoting RISC-V, bringing together the community for a multi-track conference, tutorials, exhibitions and more. Last year we had more than 1500 attendees in-person and more than 30k attendees online. According to the current COVID-19 prevention policy in China, the Summit will be held virtually(online) this year.

This year’s conference program will feature exciting new projects, prototypes, technical capabilities and commercial implementations. The call for speakers for the RISC-V Summit is open through June 3 to July 2 and speakers will be notified before July 25. To submit your speaking proposal for the RISC-V Summit and learn more about the formats and types of sessions, submission guidelines and deadlines, please visit: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rvsc2022

The website for RVSC'22 will come soon. Please stay tuned.


### Topics
(Includes and not limited to)
•	Applications, Application Verticals (AI, IoT, Autonomous, Intelligent Systems, etc.)
•	Architecture
•	Security
•	Software Ecosystem
•	Emulation, Simulation
•	Debugging + Tracing
•	Commercial and/or Open Source Implementations
•	Domain-specific Architecture, Purpose-built Accelerators
•	Education
•	Testing
•	Benchmarking

### Format and Types of Session
•	Talks / Lectures (1-2 speakers): Talks/Lectures are case studies or issue-oriented presentations on original research, groundbreaking ideas, or insights on future trends. Sessions should provide concrete examples, and contain both practical and theoretical information. No sales pitches, product launches/announcements. Each talk will have 25-minutes for presentation and 5-minutes QA.
•	Showcases: Showcases are sessions focused around product announcements and ecosystem developments for the organizations driving the development of RISC-V technology.
•	Panels: Panels are 30 or 50 minutes sessions, during which 4-6 panelists participate in a moderated discussion on a specific topic or theme. Panelists should offer differing viewpoints or experiences to help foster a dynamic discussion. Panel submissions should only list panelists and a moderator that have confirmed their participation within the proposal.
•	Tutorials: Tutorials may be interactive/hands-on and the focus is on education/training of participants on various technical topics. Please note technical requirements with submission.
•	Keynotes: Strategic/visionary/forward thinking presentations. Typically 20 to 25 minutes in length. No QA scheduled for keynotes.
•	Poster Sessions: Brief presentation and informal conversations about research topic. Posters displayed during networking reception.
### Important Dates

•	Submission Open: June 3, 2022
•	Submission Deadline: July 2, 2022 (AoE)
•	Author Notification: July 25, 2022
•	Final Agenda Announcement: July 30, 2022
•	Summit Open: Aug 24 – Aug 26, 2022


### About RISC-V International

RISC-V (pronounced “risk-five”) is a free and open ISA enabling a new era of processor innovation through open standard collaboration. Founded in 2015, the RISC-V International comprises more than 530 members building the first open, collaborative community of software and hardware innovators powering a new era of processor innovation. RISC-V ISA delivers a new level of free, extensible software and hardware freedom on architecture, paving the way for the next 50 years of computing design and innovation.

RISC-V World, a non-profit organization controlled by its members, directs the future development and drives the adoption of the RISC-V ISA. Members of the RISC-V World have access to and participate in the development of the RISC-V ISA specifications and related HW / SW ecosystem.

### 峰会筹备会议

按照惯例，今年RISC-V中国峰会的筹备工作也会公开进行，欢迎参与或旁听每周一下午举行的筹备会议。第一次筹备会议将于6月6日举办，具体会议信息见文末。

Wei Wu - PLCT Lab is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.

Topic: RISC-V Summit China 2022 筹备说明会
Time: Jun 6, 2022 03:00 PM Beijing, Shanghai

Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/81798464377?pwd=VE9KM3VWeGllYStmRnB5L2RXa3F1QT09

Meeting ID: 817 9846 4377
Passcode: 476660

### 邮件垂询

如果感兴趣或者有任何问题，可以发邮件给RISC-V中国峰会的筹备联络人:

"吴伟 <wuwei2016@iscas.ac.cn>"
